FF116 Relnote: Support for CSP script-src with hashes to allow external files (#27877)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/116/index.md

### HTTP

> - The [Content-Security-Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) now allows specifying [external JavaScript files to be whitelisted using hashes](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/script-src#whitelisting_external_scripts_using_hashes), where previously only inline scripts could be whitelisted using a hash ([Firefox bug 1409200](https://bugzil.la/1409200)).

Reviewer: Minor phrasing one: it reads like we might be missing a word in "The CSP now allows", what do you think of "Configuring a CSP"?

```suggestion
- Configuring a [Content-Security-Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) now supports specifying [external JavaScript files to be whitelisted using hashes](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/script-src#whitelisting_external_scripts_using_hashes), where previously only inline scripts could be whitelisted using a hash ([Firefox bug 1409200](https://bugzil.la/1409200)).
```

Author: Thanks. Yes, is better.
